## Overview

  This capstone is part of the eighth and final course from the Google Data Analytics Professional Certificate, where you have the opportunity to complete an optional case study.It is based on the analysis of the use of Bellabeat devices. I have carried out the project using python and also made visualizations with the use of Power BI which is shown at the end of this article.
  
  Bellabeat is a high-tech company that manufactures health-focused smart products. It was founded in 2013 by artist Urška Sršen and mathematician Sando Mur as a women's health and fitness technology company. The company has 5 focus products: bellabeat app, leaf, time, spring and bellabeat membership. It is a successful small company, but has the potential to become a larger player in the global smart device market. Their products are made for women to provide better tracking-technologies for health, wellness and fitness. BellaBeat consumers can use the information they record while using the apps and devices to assist in providing and advocating for overall better health. The company has many products carefully designed to monitor activity, stress, sleep, and reproductive data to help women better understand how their bodies work and make healthier choices. While small in size, Bellabeat has quickly positioned itself as a tech-driven wellness company for women. The Chief Creative Officer, Urška Sršen, believes that analyzing smart device fitness data could help unlock new growth opportunities for the company.
  The CEO wants an analysis of consumer trends to identify potential growth strategies. This will be done by analyzing smart device usage data from BellaBeat's competitor, FitBit. The case study links to a dataset from FitBit Fitness Tracker Data, a data set of 33 FitBit users fitness tracker data. This dataset can be used to compare industry trends and what users of competitive technologies use their products for. This can be compared to the data from BellaBeat's product to determine the best growth opportunities.
